#Meteor CRUD

A basic [Meteor](http://meteor.com) app used for teaching Meteor basics.

## Step 0: Create app/Basic app structure
- To follow along with instruction, run ```git clone git@github.com:andersr/meteor_crud``` from your terminal, followed by ```cd meteor_crud```
- Open the current directory in a text editor (eg using ```edit .``` while in the "meteor_crud" directory.)
- (If you were creating this app from scratch, you would simply have typed ```meteor create app``` in this directory.)
- Cd into the "app" directory and run ```meteor``` from the command line. 
- Leave this window/tab open and open a new tab in the same directory to use for future terminal commands.
- Open a browser window and enter the URL: http://localhost:3000
- Leave this window open while building the app. Meteor will auto-refresh as you make changes.
- Why have your app in an "app" sub-directory? Having your app as sub-directory of your working app directory allows for making external files, such as config files, build files, task runners, etc, be part of the app, without being mixed in with the actual app files.

## Step 1: Basic App Setup
- The default app files that are generated by Meteor aren't very practical for any type of "real" Meteor app. Let's create a useful basic app setup.
- delete the default files: ```rm app.*``` 
- Add three new directories: ```mkdir client server lib```
- Add an index page: ```touch client/index.html```
- 
- - add index page w head and body blocks
- add head tags
- meteor add twbs:bootstrap fourseven:scss
- discuss packages
- add main page layout
- delete the three .html .js  and .css files



